This is the website and website buider for Pixpipe.io.  
At the root of this repository are all the pages generated by the core. The core is in the `core` folder and generates all the pages except the root `index.html` (which is static).

# How to modify content?
Fork it, edit it, and make a PR.

## The main page
The root `index.html` is just a static page. To modify it, just modify the *html* code in it.

## The other pages
The other pages of the website are generated from markdown content, thus, their `HTML`content should not be edited.  

The folder `core/content/` contains one subdirectory for each page to be generated. The name of this directory is (or will be) the *url* of this page. The folder with a name starting with a *underscore* will not be processed.  

Each page subfolder contains:
- a `data` folder, to put images and other assets
- a `config.json` to add the *template* to use (most likely "generic") *title*, the *subtitle* and the header image to use
- a `content.md` that contains the core of the article, written in *markdown*

To create a new page, you can *copy-paste* the `_example-page`, rename it with the *url* you want and change the data inside.  

## The Footer
The footer of the home page is simply part of the `index.html` file while the footer of the article pages is part of the template in `core/templates/`. Both look the same and have the same content but they are two different things to update.

## Generate the static website
Once a modification is done:

```bash
$ cd core
# if not installed, do it:
$ npm install

$ npm run build
```

This will generate the static files at the root of the project and copy the `data` subfolders.
